# Il-2 BoX Web Composer

### [ravensystem.github.io/il2_specs/](https://ravensystem.github.io/il2_specs/)

This project is focused in the creation of a web with useful information about planes and vehicles of Il-2 Great Battles simulator game using an automation process to allow fast updates. It uses GitHub repo and GitHub pages to build the web from the /docs repo directory.

All the job is done by running il2_compose.sh script into worldobjects directory under Apple macOS. The script will not work on any other operating system because it uses `sips` command to manipulate images.

The script must be configure to fit your paths and GitHub repo.

Game worldobjects directory must be extracted from data/swf.gtp file using unGTP-IL2.exe program under MS Windows.

### Directories:
- **cockpits**: Images from cockpits, in JPG. They must be added manually. Filename must be: `name.language.jpg`
- **docs**: Contains all web data generated by the il2_compose.sh script, used by GitHub Pages.
- **images**: Main images of the planes and vehicles. They are added automatically by il2_compose.sh script from worldobjects data.
- **images_other**: Extra images, added automatically from the Il-2 web pag by il2_compose.sh script.
- **manuals**: Official game manuals. They must be added manually, and then the links must be added manually at the end of the il2_compose.sh script.
- **pilot_notes**: Cockpit photos of pilots notes. They are added automatically from another-pilots-notes-for-cockpit-photos file. See script.
- **real_manuals**: Real flight handbooks and manuals of planes and vehicles, in PDF. They must be added manually. Filename must be: `name.index.language.pdf`
