&name=T-34/76 STZ (1942)

'T-34 with 76 mm F-34 main gun built at Stalingrad Tractor Factory (STZ), Summer 1942, with welded turret that was shipped from factory 264. The main feature of STZ tanks built in this timeframe is the turret with cut bottom-front edges, straight gun mantlet and cast wheels with internal dampeners.

The production at STZ continued until the very last moment: it stopped completely and the remaining workers were evacuated on October 5th, 1942, when the German forces almost reached the factory buildings.

<b><u>Unladen weight:</u></b> ~29000 kg.
Length: 6.6 m.
Width: 3.0 m.
Height: 2.4 m.
Clearance: 400 mm.

Engine: V-2 diesel.
Maximum power: 500 HP at 1800 RPM.
Maximum RPM: 1900 RPM.
4 speed gearbox.

<b><u>Maximum road speed:</u></b>
1-st: 8.3 kph.
2-st: 17.3 kph.
3-st: 28.6 kph.
4-st: 54.0 kph.
Reverse: 7.7 kph.

<b><u>Maximum offroad speed:</u></b> 36 kph.

<b><u>Fluids:</u></b>
Internal fuel tanks capacity: 460 l.
Engine oil system capacity: 80 l.
Summer engine coolant: 95 l. of water
Winter engine coolant: 95 l. of 50%25 ethylene-glycol
Endurance range: 300 km.
Maximum oil consumption: 9 l/h.

<b><u>Hull armour:</u></b>
Front: 45 mm.
Upper sides: 40 mm rolled armour.
Lower sides: 45 mm rolled armour.
Rear: 40 mm rolled armour.
Roof: 16 mm rolled armour.
Bottom: 13..16 mm rolled armour.
Bottom above tracks: 13 mm rolled armour.

<b><u>Turret armour:</u></b>
Front: 45 mm rolled armour.
Sides: 45 mm rolled armour.
Rear: 45 mm rolled armour.
Roof: 15 mm rolled armour.
Gun mantlet: 20..45 mm rolled armour.

<b><u>Main gun:</u></b> rifled, 76.2 mm F-34.
Barrel length: 41.6.
